src/ExceptionVectorUsage.md, before:

# 0x800001B0-0x800001FF
- 0x800001B0-0x800001B5 = Friend Room Flags
- 0x800001D8-0x800001F0 = Item Amount Arrays
- 0x800001FC = Version
- 0x800001FD = CurrentStrmChannels

# 0x800002B0-0x800002FF

# 0x800003B0-0x800003FF

# 0x800004B0-0x800004FF

# 0x800005B0-0x800005FF

# 0x800006B0-0x800006FF

# 0x800007B0-0x800007FF

# 0x800008B0-0x800008FF

# 0x800009B0-0x80000BFF

# 0x80000CB0-0x80000CFF

# 0x80000DB0-0x80000EFF
- 0x80000EA0-0x80000E?? = Change Characters Between Races

# 0x80000FB0-0x800012FF

# 0x800013B0-0x800013FF

# 0x800014B0-0x800016FF

# 0x800017B0-0x800017FF

# 0x80004000-0x8000400F (Riivo Settings Range)
- 0x80004000 = Fast Menu Navigation
- 0x80004001 = Mii Heads on the Minimap
- 0x80004002 = Music
- 0x80004003 = No Character Sounds
- 0x80004004 = Long Distance Names
- 0x80004005 = Time Difference
- 0x80004006 = Speedometer
- 0x80004007 = *Empty*
- 0x80004008 = Drift Bikes
- 0x80004009 = Drift Karts
- 0x8000400E = Feather Cut Indicators
- 0x8000400F = 30FPS

# Other ranges

Commit message:

Bulk of edits for γ1.8.3
* Added a bunch of Accessibility Settings in Riivolution, including:
  * No Transformation Music
  * No Lightning Flash
  * Remove Bloom and Depth of Field
  * Custom FOV
* Added Allow looking backwards during the countdown
* Some clean-up in the repo, including some variable name changes

src/ExceptionVectorUsage.md, after:

# 0x800001B0-0x800001FF
- 0x800001B0-0x800001B5 = Friend Room Flags
- 0x800001D8-0x800001F0 = Item Amount Arrays
- 0x800001FC = Version
- 0x800001FD = CurrentStrmChannels

# 0x800002B0-0x800002FF

# 0x800003B0-0x800003FF

# 0x800004B0-0x800004FF

# 0x800005B0-0x800005FF

# 0x800006B0-0x800006FF

# 0x800007B0-0x800007FF

# 0x800008B0-0x800008FF

# 0x800009B0-0x80000BFF

# 0x80000CB0-0x80000CFF

# 0x80000DB0-0x80000EFF
- 0x80000EA0-0x80000E?? = Change Characters Between Races

# 0x80000FB0-0x800012FF

# 0x800013B0-0x800013FF

# 0x800014B0-0x800016FF

# 0x800017B0-0x800017FF

# 0x80004000-0x8000400F (Riivo Settings Range)
- 0x80004000 = Fast Menu Navigation
- 0x80004001 = Mii Heads on the Minimap
- 0x80004002 = Music
- 0x80004003 = Character Sounds
- 0x80004004 = Long Distance Names
- 0x80004005 = Time Difference
- 0x80004006 = Speedometer
- 0x80004007 = Transformation Music
- 0x80004008 = Drift Bikes
- 0x80004009 = Drift Karts
- 0x8000400A = Key Checkpoints on Minimap
- 0x8000400B = Lightning Flash
- 0x8000400C = Bloom and Depth of Field
- 0x8000400D = Custom FOV
- 0x8000400E = Feather Cut Indicators
- 0x8000400F = 30FPS

# Other ranges
